before we begin let me stop by ask if
you're watching a sequel about a
universe written by someone who didn't
create said universe is it the same
universe the stars of our movie today
ah-ho Rafe in lay beep oh oh that's so
damn depressing oh and some guy that
hadn't been in the movie since the
seventies plate our story begins with
scrolling backstory text that I read and
I still don't know what to come looking
at all I know is they misspelled cow pie
except it ain't the last there's still
one more please I already said that our
story really begins with some people we
don't know
and this'll be will care about into the
mega behemoth supernova 9000 wouldn't
you know it it's a big boom boom weapon
wait for it here it comes
go bow bro and we start off with some
junk joke which is not how you start off
an epic cinematic I'm so desperate for
this to be a good movie I'm hoping for
Michael Corleone it'll walk in with a
noisy handgun to shoot the captain
during his veal dinner for Tom Hanks to
flow behind them in space on that raft
asleep we Wilson barely hanging on and
for Optimus Prime to riding on a Dinobot
and laying on this ship and stop humping
it and for the Ghostbusters to crash
this so Bill Murray can show up and say
let's show this prehistoric shall we do
things downtown
well because that'd be a good movie god
I wish I could watch it
instead I'm watching this and still know
what's going on
they blown up and it still don't make no
sense here's a waste of time and money -
don't get me scary McKay because Paul
was taking up the defense turns to get
their bombers to the mega behemoth
supernova 9000 but all the Bombers get
blown up anyway so there's essentially
no confined kids of gathered
dammit don't make me beat you 24 karat
magic you hey you're gonna die and I'm
sorry but if I supposed to feel pity for
this character I've only known for eight
seconds
hell I don't even care about this
character I've known for eight movies
look about to do to that lightsaber
exactly why I didn't this movie
immediately after I made this video
oh you learn well if we're being honest
and serious
this ain't Luke this is a stunt Luke and
if I'm wrong
Luke became some scrubbing elbow went
into hiding to die alone after he saw
how ugly layers and Hans child turned
out it was like oh hell no I ain't
playin that genetic roulette and smoked
like boy Vader was coolest had that mask
but underneath he looked like a white
California raisin even I don't wear a
covering over this butt crack I call a
fall head take that off
but kylo looking like his face got run
over by a smurf on a lawnmower
well you ain't gotta throw a hissy fit
just because that's Murph did you wrong
back over here castaway island Luke is
sad that Han is dead and pissed the
Kelly married big and ray finds the Jedi
library that Luke lies about and says
was built a thousand generations ago but
how does one build up injury is this
some new Jedi power doesn't he made up
and who was the library for single digit
number of books well I guess if that
ever catches on fire you grab five books
in one hand and fall another and run
like the dickens there's some bad
attempts at humor and then looks like I
came here to die what a coincidence so
did this series but uncle Luke if you
really wanted to die you could have just
done your like chewy and then we're just
hearing those plays from here on I'm
gonna hand this over the lair and
there's a tell you're fresh meat I just
read from across the chops I squeezed in
emotions or fanboy out of my uni don't
mess with big mommy then kind of shows
up still salty from that Smurf incident
and takes it out on all our resistance
anything's about firing our Big Mama
until he hears my voice in the floor
saying I swear to God if you press that
button on me he will not sit for a week
that's right just walk away I'm not you
wait daddy I'm here for all three movies
[ __ ]
oh just a spoonful of sugar helps the
medicine go down the missing go down the
mission go down just a spoonful of sugar
helps the measuring go down in the most
delightful way but now man come no more
singing beg to you jab Thank You layer
that was Leia Skywalker Solo boots on
the ground reporting from outer space ok
can you imagine say action and hearing
this one Skywalker
will you bring a shower back because
Carla rain is strong with the downside
of force whoo so day one of force
allergy 101 some more bad attempts at
humor and then Luke sees our powerful
rays and is scared shitless okay hold up
dish scare you but the fact that your
daddy was conceived by some creepy pedo
who impregnated your grandmama without
even using a pecker didn't and your own
better tried to kill you because the
creepy Beto impregnated your grandmama
without a pecker told him to and that
part when you took off your dad's helmet
mounted underneath he wasn't nothing but
a reject member of the California
Raisins
none of that didn't leave you quaking in
your Jedi hugs oh look since we're gonna
skip I'll toast to that mitten brain can
all have a little fall space-time phone
call and if flayer could see this she'd
just be saying no for a love a day put
your shirt back on
nobody outside the family need to know
you had them big tension just like your
daddy to sum it up Kyle's like I hear
you got daddy issues want me to be daddy
or if you prefer to address my daddy
issues you could just be my daddy
grass it looks like I told you no balls
in your bedroom and raised like any true
you child killed big booty shadow oh she
left
thank God didn't it don't you damn
Dracula's good name into this then Yoda
turns awesomeness then ray goes to visit
big movie man then ran big booming man
go to visit mr. buck crackhead guess
here's your way
and apparently a virgin HBU okay back
over here Snoke is like do you not have
tattooed on your bottom Palpatine is
coming look busy who looked at this and
said that looks great who did it who did
big boo Batman kill mr. buck crackhead
and there's a long fight ski up and then
some few views and boom booms and they
just sit there like wait are you me but
I don't know it just happened yeah me
but no never happened then Carlo blamed
the death of buck crackhead Andre and
then he say the Supreme Leader is dead
and then this busy long live Supreme
Leader and Leigh is like wow this kid
sucks you said I have to save it with my
mystique and sex appeal and on some salt
plant that's supposed to look like Hoth
there's a long fight and I guess the
visuals are one of the reasons this
movie gets some accolades from dumb
books but we supposed to Pat Disney on
the back because they're one of the
richest corporations in the world and
got to make this with the best
technology and graphics artists money
can buy I think not
didn't know what is coming to help them
and lays like it's not a big surprise
y'all suck it being rebels and I should
know I was there for the OGS then Luke
walks in and Leia just look at him like
took you long enough
you show up a lot faster we need such
there was such in it for you back before
you had that erectile dysfunction and
Luke gives Leia Hans dice that you might
have made it possibly seen once and gave
less of a about then you gave for this
movie if caring about anything less than
you care about this movie were humanly
possible and then Luke goes out to do
exactly what he said he wasn't gonna do
fight the entire first-order alone with
a simple laser sword I'm making air
quotes but Carlos saltier than this
planet and tells him to blow up okay
Luke and they missed and Kalos pissed
so kylo Carta are funky Luke and Luke
stars near front then plot twist oh my
god how'd he do that he must have
learned it in one of them
burn books the Sun setting just like it
did on twatter titty I'm coming to see
I'm glowing and then I'll escape somehow
actually there was an explanation
it sucked if you want to know how can
stupid it was don't blink
ready whoo glad that's over
then looks dead oh well don't sweat it
you got the best in the galaxy riding
shotgun love you muffin there'll be
other if you miss this movie with some
children nobody get a [ __ ] bow but it's
not as good as me then be sure to LIKE
and subscribe for regular spoonful of
sugar with a little meth mixed in for
Sal thank you to these lovely patrons
who donate $10 or more which helps me
buy the food I need to keep up my
strength to stay saltier than cattle ran
after that Smurf ran over his face
Kelly is Gina D Caro s Bethenny see
Brian P Christine K David M oh and I am
Melissa s chupacabra F who wanna pee gfj
Adrian P Allison L anonymous BH Melanie
am all the men and Emma E and that's
just a second half for more as explained
fall I'm Jeb salted I get a spoonful of
sugar helps the measuring go down in the
most delightful way